I think your fly works I think so
this fish is see see how its bodies kind
of thinner this is an old fish he's
starting to decline a little bit his
hand is bigger than the rest of it even
that is a huge huge brown trap thank you
for all your help
that was awesome you played it perfectly
this this is my best day ever on this
game I've had great days on it because I
hit it right in the middle of the breaks
oh it's the biggest brown trout I've
ever seen Linda can you hold it Linda
it's like bending in the middle it's
I know he doesn't fit he doesn't even
fit in the big head right here
very happy and happy to have that fish
on your hammie flight you're unique
that's ridiculous that thing is huge
he was so glad I was here to witness
this
well you made mine